PREVIOUSLY ON...
DANIELLE CAME BACK HOME.
LYNETTE WAS AFRAID
FOR HER CHILDREN...
IT FEELS LIKE
I'VE RUINED THEIR CHILDHOOD.
KATHERINE'S PAST...
WE KNOW ALL ABOUT CHICAGO.
CAME BACK TO HAUNT HER.
OH, GOOD. WE'RE IN AGREEMENT.
THE FOUNTAIN STAYS.
EDIE MADE THREATS...
IF THE I.R.S. GETS WIND
OF YOUR RAINY DAY FUND,
THEY COULD MAKE ME TESTIFY
AGAINST YOU.
BUT EVASIVE ACTION WAS TAKEN.
I WANT US TO BE TOGETHER,
TOO,
BUT I ALSO WANNA FEEL GOOD
ABOUT IT.
AND GABY AND CARLOS
ENDED THEIR AFFAIR...
(camera shutter snaps)
TOO LATE.
COULD YOU MAKE IT OUT
TO "CASH"?
(chuckles)
(Mary Alice)
AS A LITTLE GIRL,
EDIE BRITT
WAS AFRAID OF MANY THINGS,
AND ALL THE LITTLE BOYS
IN HER NEIGHBORHOOD KNEW THIS.
SO THEY WOULD WAIT FOR HER
WITH RUBBER SNAKES
AND CROAKING FROGS...
(ribbit)
AND PLASTIC SPIDERS,
HOPING TO MAKE EDIE SCREAM.
(all) AAH!
(screaming)
(boys laugh)
BUT ONCE SHE WAS A BIG GIRL,
EDIE BRITT WAS AFRAID
OF ONLY ONE THING--
THAT HER LOVER MIGHT LEAVE HER
FOR SOMEONE ELSE,
AND CARLOS SOLIS KNEW THIS.
SO WHEN HE DECIDED TO GO,
HE TRIED TO DO IT QUICKLY...
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
MOSTLY TO AVOID HER SCREAMING.
IT JUST HASN'T BEEN WORKING
FOR A LONG, LONG TIME.
(sighs) THAT'S A LIE.
WE WERE HAPPY.
COME ON. LET'S NOT ARGUE.
I WANT US TO END THIS
AS FRIENDS.
I BET YOU DO, GIVEN ALL I KNOW
ABOUT YOUR FINANCES.
THAT'S TRUE.
YOU KNOW SOME OF MY SECRETS,
BUT I'M BETTING YOU STILL CARE
ENOUGH ABOUT ME TO KEEP THEM.
ALL RIGHT.
I WON'T SAY ANYTHING
TO ANYONE
ABOUT YOUR MONEY
IN THE GRAND CAYMANS
ON ONE CONDITION--
YOU HAVE TO TELL ME THE TRUTH
ABOUT WHY YOU'RE LEAVING.
THE TRUTH?
IS THERE SOMEONE ELSE?
NO.
THANK YOU, CARLOS.
YOU MADE THIS
A LOT EASIER.
YES, EDIE BRITT HAD BEEN FORCED
TO FACE HER WORST FEAR,
AND SHE NOW FELT
IT WAS ONLY FAIR...
HI.
UM, I KNOW A GUY
WHO'S GOT MILLIONS
IN A OFFSHORE BANK ACCOUNT.
WHO WOULD I
TALK TO ABOUT THAT?
THAT CARLOS SHOULD FACE HIS.
(woman shouts indistinctly)
YES, IT WAS THAT TIME OF YEAR.
HALLOWEEN HAD COME ONCE AGAIN
TO WISTERIA LANE,
AND NO ONE WAS MORE DETERMINED
TO CELEBRATE ITS ARRIVAL
THAN THE GAY COUPLE
WHO HAD JUST MOVED IN.
SO WHICH OF THE NEIGHBORS
SHOULD WE INVITE FIRST?
WHAT DOES IT MATTER?
THEY ALL HATE US?
OH, LEE, THAT'S NOT TRUE.
THEY HATE YOU.
I'M THE BUTCH ONE THEY CAN
FEEL COMFORTABLE AROUND.
YOU KEEP
TELLING YOURSELF THAT.
LET'S START WITH BREE.
SHE'S GOT A GAY SON.
I BET SHE'S HOMO-FRIENDLY.
WHY? MY MOTHER HAS ONE,
AND SHE'S NOT.
HI.
OH, HELLO.
WE'RE JUST DROPPING BY
TO LET YOU KNOW
WE'RE HAVING A HALLOWEEN PARTY.
WE'D LOVE FOR YOU TO COME.
OH, WELL, THANK YOU.
ORSON AND I WOULD BE DELIGHTED.
WELL, YOU CAN BRING
YOUR WHOLE FAMILY IF YOU LIKE.
IS THAT YOUR DAUGHTER?
UH, NO, MY DAUGHTER
IS IN SWITZERLAND,
AT BOARDING SCHOOL.
WHO WAS THAT?
MY SON...
TRYING ON HIS COSTUME.
HE'S GOING TO BE CHER
THIS YEAR.
OKAY,
HE'S DEFINITELY INVITED.
HOW MANY TIMES HAVE I TOLD YOU
TO STAY AWAY FROM THE WINDOWS?
I'M BORED.
YOU WON'T LET ME GO OUTSIDE.
CAN'T I AT LEAST LOOK?
WHAT'S THAT?
OH, WE'VE BEEN INVITED
TO BOB AND LEE'S FOR HALLOWEEN.
A COSTUME PARTY. COOL.
CAN I GO?
ARE YOU INSANE?
IT'S HALLOWEEN.
I'LL GO AS A PUMPKIN.
YOU ARE DUE IN THREE WEEKS.
UNTIL THEN, NO WINDOWS
AND NO PARTIES.
(sighs)
SO... THIS IS GONNA BE FUN.
WILL YOU HELP ME
WITH A COSTUME?
(chuckles) SURE!
HOW FAMILIAR ARE YOU
WITH POP ICONS FROM THE '70s?
VICTOR, IT'S ME.
I GOT YOUR MESSAGE.
I'VE GOTTA BE HONEST,
I'M VERY ANNOYED
THAT YOU'RE NOT COMING HOME
TODAY LIKE YOU PROMISED.
I TOLD YOU I HAVE SOMETHING
VERY IMPORTANT TO TELL YOU,
AND I WANTED TO DO IT IN PERSON,
BUT NOW YOU'RE GONNA BE HOME
FOR ANOTHER WEEK,
AND I CAN'T WAIT.
VICTOR, I'M LEAVING YOU.
I... CAN'T BELIEVE
I'M ENDING MY MARRIAGE
ON A HOTEL VOICE MAIL.
THIS IS VERY TACKY.
YOU'RE FORCING ME TO BE TACKY,
VICTOR.
I AM NOT A TACKY PERSON.
I AM VERY, VERY CLASSY.
(line clicks)
OH! HANG ON ONE SECOND.
(beep)
HELLO? HEY, CARLOS.
YEAH, I CAN'T TALK RIGHT NOW.
I'M BREAKING UP WITH VICTOR.
NO, HE'S NOT HERE.
HE'S IN WASHINGTON.
YEAH, OKAY, I'LL EXPLAIN LATER.
(beep)
SORRY ABOUT THAT, VICTOR.
UH, ANYWAY, IT'S OVER.
UH, WE BOTH KNOW
IT WASN'T WORKING.
UH, GOOD LUCK ON EVERYTHING,
AND YOU DON'T HAVE
TO CALL ME BACK.
OKAY, BYE-BYE.
(beep)
AH.
I WAS SURPRISED THAT MY DOCTOR
SUGGESTED GENETIC COUNSELING.
I DIDN'T HAVE TO DO THAT
WITH MY LAST BABY.
WELL, YOU WERE 26
WHEN YOU HAD YOUR LAST CHILD.
NOW YOU'RE--
CAREFUL.
OLD ENOUGH TO BENEFIT
FROM THIS PARTICULAR BRANCH
OF MEDICINE.
NICE SAVE.
NOW CAN WE JUST SKIP
TO THE PART
WHERE YOU TELL ME
WHAT'S WRONG WITH MY BABY?
WELL, WE DON'T KNOW
IF ANYTHING'S WRONG.
SEE, WE'RE JUST GOING OVER
YOUR FAMILY MEDICAL HISTORY
JUST--JUST
TO BE ON THE SAFE SIDE.
OKAY.
MY AUNT ELLA HAS ARTHRITIS.
I HAVE
TWO COUSINS WITH WEBBED FEET,
AND THERE'S A WHOLE LOT OF
THIRD NIPPLES ON MY DAD'S SIDE.
APPARENTLY, I MARRIED
INTO CARNY FOLK.
(chuckles)
OKAY, MIKE,
WHAT ABOUT YOUR FAMILY?
EVERYBODY'S PRETTY HEALTHY.
UH, MY GRANDMOTHER
HAS EPILEPSY.
MY FATHER
HAD HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE,
BUT HE'S ON MEDICATION,
SO IT'S FINE NOW.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
"IT'S FINE NOW"? HE'S DEAD.
NO, HE'S NOT.
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK THAT?
'CAUSE THAT'S WHAT YOU TOLD ME
WHEN WE FIRST STARTED DATING.
OH. WELL, I'M SORRY IF
I GAVE YOU THAT IMPRESSION.
IT WASN'T AN IMPRESSION.
YOU SAID THOSE WORDS--
"MY FATHER'S DEAD."
(chuckles nervously)
IT'S... COMPLICATED.
HOW CAN IT BE COMPLICATED?
HE'S EITHER DEAD OR ALIVE.
DOES IT SOUND COMPLICATED
TO YOU, MICHELLE?
(cell phone buzzing)
OH, UM...
WOW, I'M SORRY. I-I'VE GOT
AN EMERGENCY PLUMBING CALL.
I'M GONNA HAVE TO DO THIS LATER.
UH, DON'T WAIT UP.
(scoffs)
(door opens and shuts)
OKAY, SO, UM,
MIKE'S GRANDMOTHER IS EPILEPTIC?
YEAH.
BUT APPARENTLY, HIS DAD
CAN RISE FROM THE DEAD.
SO LET'S HOPE
THE BABY GETS THAT GENE.
HEY.
HOW'D THE P.E.T. SCAN GO?
SHE WAS A REAL TROUPER.
20 MINUTES INSIDE THAT TUBE,
SHE DIDN'T COMPLAIN ONCE.
IN A COUPLE OF DAYS, WE'LL KNOW
IF YOU BEAT THIS SON OF A BITCH.
HEY, DR. RUSHTON
IS VERY OPTIMISTIC.
(Stella) FANTASTIC.
HE'S THE BEST.
HEY, WHAT DO YOU SAY
I DITCH WORK,
AND I TAKE YOU TO THAT...
THAI PLACE FOR LUNCH? LYNETTE?
IS THAT A HOLE?
WHAT?
IN THE GARDEN THERE. HAS
SOMETHING BEEN DIGGING IN THERE?
OH, IT MIGHT BE A POSSUM.
AHEM.
I-I SAW ONE
THE OTHER DAY.
YOU SAW A POSSUM,
AND YOU DIDN'T TELL ME?
DIDN'T KNOW
IT WAS FRONT-PAGE NEWS.
WELL, WE GOTTA
DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS.
AND WE WILL, SO DO YOU WANT
TO BRING THE KIDS,
OR WOULD YOU PREFER
A, UH, GLORIOUSLY ROMANTIC LUNCH
WITH JUST ME?
I CAN'T EAT RIGHT NOW, TOM.
I'VE GOT TO GO
TO THE GARDEN CENTER
AND GET SOME FENCING.
GOD, THIS IS ANNOYING!
CAN'T BELIEVE YOU DIDN'T
TELL ME WE HAVE A POSSUM!
(sighs)
(pills rattling)
OH, YOU'RE, UM,
YOU'RE UP.
I WAS JUST GONNA TRY
NOT TO WAKE YOU.
DID YOU REALLY THINK I WAS GONNA
LET YOU CRAWL IN BED NEXT TO ME
WITHOUT AN EXPLANATION
FOR YOUR BIZARRE BEHAVIOR?
WELL, WHAT GOOD'S A DREAM
IF IT'S NOT
A LITTLE UNREALISTIC?
I DON'T CARE
WHAT THE ISSUES ARE.
YOU DON'T DENY
YOUR OWN DAD'S EXISTENCE.
MY FATHER'S
IN PRISON FOR MURDER.
SO CAN YOU SEE WHY I MIGHT
HAVE WANTED TO LIE ABOUT HIM
ON A FIRST DATE?
OH, MY GOD.
HE'S IN JAIL FOR MURDER?
YEAH.
HE'S DOING
LIFE WITHOUT PAROLE.
DO YOU SEE HIM? I MEAN, DO YOU
HAVE A RELATIONSHIP WITH HIM?
UH, I VISIT
A FEW TIMES A YEAR.
WELL,
I'VE GOT TO MEET HIM.
(chuckles) NO, I DON'T THINK
THAT'S SUCH A GOOD IDEA.
WELL, HE'S YOUR FATHER.
I SHOULD KNOW HIM, AND BESIDES,
THAT GENETIC COUNSELOR
SAID WE SHOULD GATHER DATA
ABOUT YOUR FAMILY'S HISTORY.
MAYBE YOU DAD KNOWS
SOMETHING YOU DON'T.
I MEAN, I SHOULD MEET HIM
FOR THE SAKE OF OUR BABY.
WELL, YEAH. FINE.
WE'LL GO SEE HIM.
THANK YOU.
MOM!
WE'RE GONNA BAKE YOU A CAKE
WHEN THE DOCTOR
SAYS YOUR CANCER'S GONE.
GREAT. HERE. GRAB THIS.
WHAT'S THIS STUFF FOR?
YOU KNOW THAT POSSUM
THAT'S BEEN RUINING OUR GARDEN?
YEAH, ME AND PRESTON
NAMED HIM SCRUFFLES.
DON'T GIVE HIM A NAME. HE'S NOT
GONNA BE AROUND MUCH LONGER.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA HURT HIM,
ARE YOU?
HONEY, I PUT UP A FENCE,
AND HE BURROWED RIGHT UNDER IT.
THE MAN AT THE GARDEN CENTER
SAID THESE ARE CRAFTY CREATURES,
AND THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO STOP 'EM.
SO YOU'RE GONNA KILL HIM?
SWEETIE,
LET ME ASK YOU SOMETHING.
IF YOU HAD TO CHOOSE BETWEEN
MOMMY'S BEAUTIFUL GARDEN
AND A GROSS,
MEAN, DIRTY POSSUM,
WHAT WOULD YOU PICK?
SCRUFFLES.
(cage thuds to ground)
OKAY,
WE'RE DONE TALKING HERE.
YOU'RE SENDING ME BACK
TO THE CONVENT?
WELL, YOU CERTAINLY DON'T
SEEM HAPPY HERE, AND I THOUGHT
MAYBE YOU WERE MISSING THE NUNS
AND THE OTHER GIRLS.
OH, WHOOPEE. KNOCKED-UP SLUTS
AND CELIBATE FREAKS.
START THE PARTY. (sighs)
WHATEVER. I DON'T CARE. I JUST
WANT THIS THING OUT OF ME.
YOU KNOW, DANIELLE,
I JUST WANT YOU TO BE AWARE
THAT GIVING UP THIS BABY
MIGHT BE HARDER THAN YOU THINK.
IT WON'T BE A PROBLEM.
TRUST ME.
WELL, YOU SAY THAT NOW,
BUT ONCE YOU'VE HELD YOUR CHILD
AND FELT THAT RUSH OF LOVE,
WELL...
IT CAN CHANGE YOU.
PLEASE. I HATE THIS BABY.
WHAT HAS IT DONE
BUT MAKE ME FAT
AND RUIN AN ENTIRE YEAR
OF MY LIFE?
I'M JUST SAYING, IF I WERE YOU,
I MIGHT BE FEELING--
STOP. WHO SAYS I HAVE TO FEEL
THE SAME THINGS YOU'D FEEL?
I'M NOTHING LIKE YOU.
YOU ALWAYS SAY THAT LIKE
IT'S SOMETHING TO BE PROUD OF,
BUT THE DAY I SEE
EVEN A GLIMMER OF MYSELF IN YOU
IS THE DAY THAT I REALIZE
YOU'VE FINALLY STARTED...
(whispers) TO GROW UP.
WELL,
DON'T HOLD YOUR BREATH.
NO, ON SECOND THOUGHT,
DO.
HELLO, GABRIELLE.
OH!
(boxes fall to floor)
(panting)
MILTON... YOU SCARED ME.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
IN WASHINGTON WITH VICTOR.
I WAS.
I GOT TO THE MESSAGES FIRST.
OH.
YOU CAN'T LEAVE HIM,
GABRIELLE.
WELL, IF HE REALLY
WANTED ME TO STAY,
HE WOULD'VE COME HERE HIMSELF,
INSTEAD OF SICCING DADDY ON ME.
OH, VICTOR
HASN'T HEARD THE MESSAGE.
I ERASED IT.
OH, GREAT.
NOW I HAVE TO BREAK UP
WITH HIM ALL OVER AGAIN.
YOU KNOW,
THERE'S A LOT OF TALK
ABOUT VICTOR
RUNNING FOR GOVERNOR.
A DIVORCE ON THE EVE
OF A CAMPAIGN COULD BE...
QUITE DAMAGING.
AND YOU FLEW ALL THE WAY HERE
TO TWIST MY ARM?
NO, I HAD SOMETHING
A LITTLE MORE SUBTLE IN MIND.
MILTON, THERE IS NO AMOUNT
OF MONEY THAT IS--WOW!
YEAH. YOU START TACKING ON
THOSE ZEROS,
IT GETS HARD TO STOP.
HOLD ON.
THIS CHECK IS DATED
FOR NEXT YEAR.
EXACTLY.
IF YOU WANT THIS MONEY,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO STAY MARRIED TO MY SON
FOR THE NEXT 13 MONTHS.
HUH.
AND ISN'T THERE AN ELECTION
AROUND THAT TIME?
MY SON IS DESTINED
FOR GREATNESS.
HE WILL BE GOVERNOR.
HE COULD BE PRESIDENT.
AND YOU'RE GOING TO
MAKE SURE
HE GOES STRAIGHT TO THE TOP,
AREN'T YOU?
SOMETIMES GREATNESS
NEEDS A LITTLE NUDGE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
THERE'S NOTHING THERE?
I'M SORRY, MS. BRITT.
I CHECKED THE NUMBER
YOU GAVE ME THREE TIMES.
THAT OFFSHORE ACCOUNT
SIMPLY DOESN'T EXIST.
WHEREIS THAT $10 MILLION?
WHAT $10 MILLION?
GIVE IT A REST, CARLOS.
YOU MOVED THAT MONEY.
(loudly) FIRST OF ALL,
I DENY HAVING ANY ILLEGAL MONEY,
LET ALONE MOVING IT.
WHY ARE YOU TALKING
LIKE THAT?
I DON'T KNOW. I THOUGHT YOU
MIGHT BE WEARING A WIRE.
(slaps hand)
YOU'RE PARANOID.
YOU KNOW THAT?
WELL,
DON'T I HAVE REASON TO BE?
AND WHY WOULD YOU CARE
WHERE THE MONEY IS,
UNLESS YOU WERE PLANNING
ON USING IT AGAINST ME?
OH, GOD. YOU THINK YOU ARE
SO CLEVER. WELL, YOU'RE NOT.
IN FACT, YOU--YOU ARE
THE STUPIDEST MAN I'VE EVER MET.
YOU HAVE NO CLUE
WHO YOU'RE DEALING WITH,
BUT BELIEVE ME,
YOU'RE GONNA PAY
FOR WHAT
YOU'VE DONE TO ME, CARLOS.
THIS GAME IS NOT OVER.
ACTUALLY, IT KINDA IS,
AND IF YOU HADN'T NOTICED...
I WON.
BREE.
LYNETTE,
I WAS JUST THINKING ABOUT YOU.
DID YOU GET
YOUR TEST RESULTS YET?
HUH? OH, THE P.E.T. SCAN.
NO, NOT TILL TOMORROW.
LISTEN, I NEED YOUR HELP.
THERE'S A POSSUM IN MY GARDEN.
UGH! I HATE POSSUMS.
NOT AS MUCH AS ME. I PUT OUT
POISON, BUT IT ATE AROUND IT.
I GOT ONE OF THOSE HUMANE TRAPS,
BUT ALL I TRAPPED WAS PENNY.
HOW CAN I HELP?
I WANT A GUN.
REALLY?
I THOUGHT YOU WERE ONE
OF THOSE LIBERAL GUN HATERS.
THAT WAS THE OLD LYNETTE.
THE NEW LYNETTE
KILLS THE POSSUMS
AND LETS GOD SORT 'EM OUT.
WELL, UNFORTUNATELY,
OUR BLEEDING-HEART TOWN COUNCIL
FORBIDS US FROM USING LIVE AMMO
IN OUR OWN BACKYARDS.
WUSSES!
I SUGGEST
YOU GET AN AIR RIFLE.
IT WON'T KILL IT,
BUT IT'LL STING IT ENOUGH
TO KEEP IT AWAY FOR GOOD.
PERFECT.
WHERE CAN I GET ONE?
TRY, UM, GUN CITY ON ROUTE 6
BY THE BAPTIST CHURCH.
TELL THEM I SENT YA,
AND THEY'LL GIVE YOU
A NICE DISCOUNT.
GREAT.
WHAT'S SO URGENT?
CAN'T SAY HELLO TO A GIRL?
GABY, WE HAD A DEAL.
WE WEREN'T GONNA SEE EACH
OTHER FOR SIX MONTHS.
OH, UH, YEAH, ABOUT THAT...
WHAT IF WE MAKE IT 13?
OKAY, NO,
JUST GO WITH ME ON THIS.
WHAT I'M ABOUT TO PROPOSE WILL
GIVE US TOTAL FINANCIAL FREEDOM
AND... HELP A CONNIVING
BILLIONAIRE'S DREAM COME TRUE.
WHOA. WHAT'S THIS FOR?
MILTON LANG DOESN'T WANT ME
TO LEAVE VICTOR
UNTILAFTER
HE RUNS FOR GOVERNOR.
ONCE THE ELECTION'S OVER,
KA-CHING!
SO BASICALLY,
YOU'RE TAKING MONEY
TO SLEEP WITH A MAN
YOU DON'T LOVE.
GEE, IF THAT WERE A JOB,
WHAT WOULD YOU CALL IT?
I DON'T HAVE
TO SLEEP WITH HIM,
JUST STAY WITH HIM
FOR POLITICAL REASONS.
IT'S BASICALLY A MODELING FEE
FOR A 13-MONTH PHOTO OP.
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
CARLOS, YOU'RE NOT WORKING
RIGHT NOW,
AND YOU KNOW WE'LL NEVER
BE HAPPY IF WE'RE BROKE.
WE NEED THIS.
WHAT IF WE DIDN'T?
HUH?
WHAT IF I HAD
SOME MONEY STASHED AWAY?
OKAY,
REMEMBER A FEW YEARS AGO
WHEN I WAS IN BUSINESS
WITH TANAKA?
I WAS ALWAYS AFRAID THAT
HE WAS GONNA DOUBLE-CROSS ME.
WHICH HE DID.
BUT BEFORE HE DID,
I SKIMMED A LITTLE
OFF THE TOP.
HOW MUCH IS "A LITTLE"?
$10 MILLION.
YOU EMBEZZLED $10 MILLION?
(kissing loudly) MMM.
ACTUALLY, NOW IT'S ONLY ABOUT
$9.5. IT COST ME HALF A MIL
TO HIDE IT FROM THE GOVERNMENT
AND CERTAIN OTHER PEOPLE. MM.
OH, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
IF THIS IS TANAKA MONEY, THEN
YOU HAD IT WHEN WE WERE MARRIED?
OKAY, I CAN SENSE
WHERE YOU'RE GOING WITH THIS.
WHICH ALSO MEANS YOU HAD IT
WHEN WE GOT DIVORCED.
LOOK, IF I HAD TOLD YOU
ABOUT IT,
YOU'D HAVE TAKEN ME
TO THE CLEANERS.
CARLOS, WE WERE MARRIED.
I WAS ENTITLED TO HALF
OF EVERYTHING YOU EMBEZZLED.
LOOK, WE'RE BACK TOGETHER NOW.
WHAT DOES IT MATTER?
WELL, IT MATTERS
THAT YOU LIED TO ME.
I CAN'T TRUST YOU.
GABY!
IF I CAN'T TRUST YOU, I DON'T
THINK I CAN BE WITH YOU.
OH, COME ON!
NO, I'M SERIOUS. AFTER
EVERYTHING I HAVE BEEN THROUGH?
NO! NO, GET OUT!
GABY, YOU SHOULD BE HAPPY
RIGHT NOW.
I HAVE MILLIONS OF DOLLARS,
AND I WANT YOU TO BE WITH ME.
OH, SO YOU WANT ME TO SLEEP
WITH YOU AND TAKE YOUR MONEY.
GEE, IF THAT WERE A JOB,
WHAT WOULD THEY CALL IT?
(Carlos sighs deeply)
THANKS, KID.
BEAR CLAW?
UH, NO.
THANK YOU, NICK.
SO, UH, MIKE SAID YOU HAD
SOME MEDICAL QUESTIONS FOR ME?
UM, YES, THE, UH,
GENETIC COUNSELOR, UM, WANTED
TO KNOW A COUPLE OF THINGS.
UH...
UM, I-IS THERE ANY CANCER
IN YOUR FAMILY?
NO.
GREAT.
UH, DIABETES?
MNH-MNH.
WONDERFUL.
WHO DID YOU KILL?
COULDN'T HAVE COVERED THIS
IN THE CAR?
I THOUGHT
SHE SHOULD HEAR IT FROM YOU.
(inhales sharply)
I KILLED MY BOSS.
UH-HUH. OKAY.
HE WASN'T MY BOSS
WHEN I MET HIM.
HE WAS JUST ANOTHER GUY
ON THE LOADING DOCK, LIKE ME.
A SUPERVISOR'S JOB CAME UP,
AND, UH, WE WERE
BOTH ANGLING FOR IT.
AND THEN ARNIE--
THAT WAS HIS NAME--
HE WENT
TO THE HEAD OF THE COMPANY
AND TOLD HIM
SOME LIES ABOUT ME,
ANDHEGOT THE JOB.
SO YOU KILLED HIM?
NO. I STEWED ABOUT IT
FOR A FEW WEEKS.
I'D SEE ARNIE WALKING AROUND
WITH THAT SMIRK,
AND, UH, AND THAT TIE,
AND I THOUGHT TO MYSELF,
"YOU KNOW, ARNIE,
YOU DON'T DESERVE THAT JOB.
"YOU DON'T DESERVE THAT TIE,
AND YOU DON'T DESERVE
TO LIVE."
SO YOU KILLED HIM?
NO. I CONFRONTED HIM.
I SAID, "ARNIE,
WHAT YOU DID WASN'T RIGHT."
HE JUST LAUGHED IN MY FACE
AND SAID, UH,
"WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO
ABOUT IT?"
THENI KILLED HIM.
UH-HUH.
UH, AND HOW DID YOU...
WITH THE TIE. I THOUGHT
IT WAS A NICE TOUCH.
WELL, NOW YOU KNOW.
(cheering and laughter)
(Oingo Boingo's
"Dead Man Party" playing)
♪♪♪
SORRY. (chuckles)
(indistinct conversations
and laughter)
HEY, ADAM, KATHERINE.
OR SHOULD I SAY FRANKENSTEIN
AND... MARIE ANTOINETTE?
NICE.
YOU CAME AS A SELF-IMPORTANT
QUEEN WHO LOST ALL HER POWER.
ISN'T THAT
A BIT ON THE NOSE?
LEE MAKING JOKES
ABOUT A QUEEN.
ISN'T THAT A BIT IRONIC?
(growls)
YOU TWO LOOK ADORABLE.
(both chuckle)
AND WHO ARE YOU
SUPPOSED TO BE?
CHER,
THE BELOVED POP DIVA.
(chuckles)
IT WAS MY MOM'S IDEA.
YOU KNOW, THE WOMAN WHO FREAKED
WHEN SHE FOUND OUT I WAS GAY?
OH.
OH, MY GOD. IS THAT DANIELLE?
I EXPRESSLY FORBADE HER
FROM COMING TONIGHT.
WHO DOES SHE THINK SHE IS?
APPARENTLY, YOU.
DANIELLE, YOU'RE BACK!
(imitating Bree)
I'M NOT DANIELLE.
I AM BREE VAN DE KAMP HODGE.
(chuckles)
OH, NO, NO, NO.
NO HUGS, PLEASE.
I'M UNCOMFORTABLE WITH
NEEDLESS DISPLAYS OF EMOTION.
YOUR COSTUME LOOKS GREAT.
IT'S SO REAL.
OOH! I COULD SWEAR
I FELT A KICK. (chuckles)
YOU STOP THAT, BABY HODGE.
WE DO NOT KICK PEOPLE,
UNLESS THEY'RE SERVANTS.
(chuckles nervously)
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME
SHE WAS HOME?
OH, IT'S JUST A QUICK VISIT.
SHE'S DRIVING BACK TOMORROW.
TO SWITZERLAND?
LET'S GO GET SOME CAKE,
DEAR.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?
EXACTLY WHAT MY MOTHER WANTS.
YOU DID SAY
TO BE MORE LIKE YOU, RIGHT?
THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT,
AND YOU KNOW IT,
AND AS FOR
YOUR LITTLE IMITATION OF ME,
I DON'T SOUND
ANYTHING LIKE THAT.
DANIELLE?
WHO ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO BE?
REALLY, KAREN,
I DON'T THINK OUR LORD IS AMUSED
WHEN WE MAKE LIGHT
OF WITCHCRAFT,
AND YOU MIGHT USE A COASTER.
OH, I GET IT. SHE'S YOU.
(sighs)
I JUST DON'T SEE HOW HE COULD
NOT FEEL BAD ABOUT IT.
I DON'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT THIS ANYMORE.
(vehicles passing in distance)
YOU KNOW,
I EXPECTED TO MEET
A GUY THAT WAS RACKED
WITH REMORSE,
AND INSTEAD,
I'M LOOKING ACROSS THE TABLE
AT THIS...
PERSON. HE'S A PERSON.
YEAH, AN EVIL PERSON.
NO, HE'S A GOOD GUY
WHO DID AN EVIL THING.
THERE'S A DIFFERENCE.
WELL, I DON'T SEE ONE.
LOOK, HE SNAPPED. IT HAPPENS.
PEOPLE SNAP. I DID.
I KILLED A GUY.
YOU KILLED A CROOKED COP
WHO WAS COMING AFTER YOU.
THAT'S SELF-DEFENSE,
AND EVEN SO,
YOU REGRET IT, RIGHT?
YES, OF COURSE.
WELL, THAT'S MY POINT.
WHEN GOOD PEOPLE SNAP,
THEY FEEL BAD ABOUT IT.
YOUR DAD DOESN'T.
SUSAN, WHY ARE YOU GETTING
SO WORKED UP OVER THIS?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT JUST BOTHERS ME.
I MEAN... MY GOD, MIKE.
HE'S YOUR DAD.
YEAH, I KNOW,
AND THIS CONVERSATION IS EXACTLY
WHY I TOLD YOU HE WAS DEAD.
LYNETTE!
HONEY, ARE YOU OUT HERE?
SHH!
IS THAT FOR THE POSSUM?
YEAH.
NOW HE'S PLAYING MIND GAMES
WITH ME,
BUT I LAID OUT
SOME HALLOWEEN CANDY.
PRETTY SOON HE'LL GET HUNGRY,
AND WHEN HE DOES...
TRICK OR TREAT.
LYNETTE--
SHH!
SHH! DO YOU HEAR THAT?
HE'S MAKING HIS MOVE.
LYNETTE,
I THINK YOU SHOULD COME INSIDE
AND LIE DOWN
FOR A LITTLE WHILE.
NO WAY. HE'S HERE, TOM.
I CAN TELL.
OKAY,
NOW--NOW YOU'RE SCARING ME.
WHY?
LOOK AT YOURSELF.
YOU'VE--YOU'VE DECLARED
JIHAD ON A POSSUM.
THIS IS NOT A JOKE, TOM.
SOMETHING HAS ATTACKED OUR HOME,
AND WHEN THAT HAPPENS, YOU DON'T
JUST STAND BY--YOU FIGHT IT.
SCREW THIS CREATURE THAT HAS
COME INTO OUR LIVES UNINVITED
AND IS TRYING TO DESTROY US.
IT WILL NOT DEFEAT ME.
OKAY.
YOU DO
WHAT YOU NEED TO DO.
THANK YOU.
SO, BREE, HAVE YOU, UH, PICKED
A NAME FOR THE BABY YET?
NOT YET, BUT I'M THINKING
"YOU'RE NOT GOOD ENOUGH"
IF IT'S A BOY,
AND "YOU'LL ALWAYS
DISAPPOINT ME" IF IT'S A GIRL.
(laughter)
OKAY, YOU MADE YOUR POINT.
NOW GO HOME.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
THIS IS THE MOST FUN
I'VE HAD IN EIGHT MONTHS.
DO NOT TEST ME, YOUNG LADY,
OR I WILL DRAG YOU
OUT OF HERE MYSELF.
YOU MAKE A SCENE?
HA! THAT'S A LAUGH.
WHAT'S WRONG?
I THINK MY WATER
JUST BROKE.
OH, DEAR HEAVENLY LORD.
(Bob) HEY!
WHAT HAPPENED TO MY RUG?
(scoffs)
DANIELLE!
WE AGREED TO SAVE THAT
TILL THE END OF THE NIGHT.
THE BEST PART OF THE COSTUME,
AND SHE POPS THE WATER BALLOON
WHEN PEOPLE AREN'T EVEN LOOKING.
ORSON! ANDREW!
THINK WE CAN MAKE IT
TO THE HOSPITAL?
I DON'T THINK SO!
IT'S COMING.
OKAY, EVERYBODY,
IN THE HOUSE NOW.
NOT ON THE COUCH.
I JUST HAD IT REUPHOLSTERED.
ANDREW, TAKE YOUR SISTER
INTO THE KITCHEN.
GET SOME TOWELS.
BOIL SOME WATER.
EVERYTHING IS GONNA BE FINE.
I'M A DOCTOR.
YOU'RE A DENTIST! WHAT IF
THERE ARE COMPLICATIONS?
SHOULD AN EMERGENCY ARISE,
WE WILL SIMPLY CALL AN AMULET.
A WHAT?
AMBULANCE.
HOW MANY RUM PUNCHES
DID YOU HAVE?
THERE WAS PUNCH
IN THAT RUM?
I AM GOING BACK
TO GET ADAM.
BREE. BREE, WHAT'S WRONG?
I NEED YOUR SERVICES
AS A DOCTOR,
BUT BEFORE I TELL YOU
WHAT'S GOING ON,
I NEED YOU TO PROMISE THAT
WHAT YOU'RE ABOUT TO LEARN
WILL BE KEPT
IN STRICTEST CONFIDENCE.
DOES THIS HAVE ANYTHING TO DO
WITH THE PREGNANCY
YOU'VE BEEN FAKING?
(grunts)
OKAY,
YOU'RE ALMOST THERE.
(grunting and groaning)
DANIELLE,
YOU'RE DOING GREAT.
PUSH, BABY, PUSH.
AAH!
(gasping heavily)
(knock on door)
(child shouts indistinctly)
(Parker) ARE THEY HOME?
(Preston) THE LIGHTS ARE ON.
HERE IT COMES!
(screaming)
IF THEY'RE NOT HOME,
THEN WHAT'S THAT?
PROBABLY JUST A TAPE
THEY PUT ON TO SCARE US.
WELL, YOU KNOW THE RULE.
IF WE DON'T GET OUR TREAT,
THEY GET A TRICK.
YEAH.
(Porter) COME ON. (giggles)
(baby wailing)
AND... THANK YOU.
OH. (pants)
OKAY.
(wailing continues)
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL BABY BOY.
(crying loudly)
SHH.
(screaming)
HOW ARE YOU FEELING?
TIRED.
DID ADAM LEAVE?
UH, YEAH, AND HE PROMISED
THAT NO ONE WOULD EVER KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED HERE TONIGHT.
THAT'S GOOD, I GUESS.
IS HE OKAY?
HE'S PERFECT.
HE'S, UM,
HE'S ALL CLEANED UP NOW,
IF... IF YOU WANT TO HOLD HIM.
(baby cooing)
YEAH.
(sniffles)
(coos)
HE'S SO TINY.
HE LOOKS JUST LIKE YOU DID.
DO YOU WANT TO BE ALONE
WITH HIM?
DO YOU WANT ME TO...
TO GO?
WHAT SHOULD I DO?
(coos)
YOU SHOULD TAKE HIM.
ARE YOU SURE?
SWEETHEART, DO YOU FEEL LIKE
YOU'RE MAKING A MISTAKE?
(sniffles)
NO, IT'S...
THE RIGHT THING TO DO
FOR EVERYONE...
ESPECIALLY HIM.
(baby gurgles)
BUT YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT'S AWFUL.
(exhales deeply)
I'M GONNA SLEEP NOW.
OKAY, BABY.
(baby coos)
IT'S OKAY, LITTLE ONE.
HERE WE ARE. HERE WE GO.
YES, HERE WE GO.
(exhaling deeply)
SUSAN, HEY, IT'S ME.
UM, SORRY TO LEAVE THIS MESSAGE
ON YOUR MACHINE,
BUT CAN YOU TELL THE OTHER GIRLS
I'M, UH, GOING TO BE BY MYSELF
FOR A WHILE?
I... JUST...
GOING THROUGH SOME STUFF
AND NEED TO THINK.
(horn honks)
UM--OH, GOD, THAT'S MY CAR READY
TO TAKE ME TO THE AIRPORT,
SO I'LL TELL YOU EVERYTHING
WHEN I GET BACK.
OKAY? LOVE YOU. BYE.
(beep)
THIS IS NICE.
I DIDN'T ORDER A STRETCH,
BUT I'LL TAKE IT.
AH.
VICTOR.
I TRIED REACHING YOU
AT THE HOUSE,
BUT THE MAID SAID
YOU'D MOVED OUT.
I TOOK THE NEXT FLIGHT HOME.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WELL,
I'M... SORT OF LEAVING YOU.
WELL, I GUESS "SORT OF"
IS BETTER THAN "DEFINITELY."
WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO
TO MAKE IT "ABSOLUTELY NOT"?
I'LL DO ANYTHING.
JUST TELL ME.
VICTOR, IT'S NOT THAT SIMPLE.
WE HAVE MAJOR PROBLEMS,
AND YOU NEVER HAVE TIME TO TALK
ABOUT THEM, LET ALONE FIX 'EM.
WELL, I GUESS
I BETTER MAKE SOME TIME.
LET'S SEE.
HERE'S THIS WEEKEND.
HERE'S NEXT WEEK.
THE WEEK AFTER. LOOK AT THAT.
I'VE GOT A WHOLE MONTH.
YOU BUSY?
VICTOR, I KNOW
YOU'RE ONLY DOING THIS
BECAUSE A DIVORCE WOULD HURT
YOUR RUN FOR GOVERNOR.
(sighs)
WHAT IF I DON'T RUN?
YOU MEAN THAT?
THE GOVERNOR'S MANSION
IS MY FATHER'S DREAM.
YOU KNOW WHAT MY DREAM IS?
YOU.
DON'T RUN AWAY, GABY...
AND IF YOU DO, PLEASE,
TAKE ME WITH YOU.
(sighs)
SO... WHERE'S MIKE?
AT THE MOTEL. I SLIPPED OUT
WITHOUT WAKING HIM.
I'VE BEEN UP ALL NIGHT
THINKING,
AND I HAVE SOMETHING
TO SAY TO YOU.
OH?
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
I DON'T BELIEVE THAT YOU COULD
KILL A MAN AND NOT REGRET IT.
WHY DO YOU CARE?
BECAUSE I AM CARRYING A BABY
THAT HAS YOUR GENES.
IF MY DOCTOR TOLD ME
THAT THERE WAS
SOMETHING WRONG WITH THIS BABY--
SOMETHING PHYSICAL,
I COULD HANDLE THAT.
I WOULD PROBABLY
EVEN LOVE IT MORE.
BUT IF MY BABY WAS BORN WITHOUT
A CONSCIENCE, WITHOUT A SOUL,
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I WOULD DO.
YOU THINK
I DON'T HAVE A SOUL?
IF YOU CAN'T FEEL
THE TINIEST BIT OF REMORSE
OVER TAKING A HUMAN LIFE...
NO, I DON'T THINK YOU DO.
IF I WERE
TO THINK ABOUT WHAT I DID,
REALLY THINK ABOUT IT,
LAY AWAKE NIGHTS
TRYING TO REMEMBER
THE LOOK ON THAT GUY'S FACE
WHEN I STRANGLED THE LIFE
OUT OF HIM...
PRETTY SOON, I'D GO CRAZY.
I SHOULD GO.
YOU KNOW WHAT IDOREGRET?
WHAT I DID TO MIKE.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
HE WAS A REAL POPULAR KID.
EVERYBODY LIKED MIKEY.
(clicks tongue)
THEN WHEN I GOT SENT AWAY,
SUDDENLY THE WHOLE TOWN
JUST THINKS OF HIM
AS THE SON OF A MURDERER.
HE GOT SOME PRETTY SERIOUS
DEMONS AS A RESULT.
I'M NOT SURE
THAT KIND OF DARKNESS
EVER TRULY GOES AWAY.
WELL, YOU'RE WRONG.
HE'S HAPPY.
HE'S GOT A GOOD JOB
AND A WIFE WHO LOVES HIM
AND A BABY ON THE WAY.
I HAD A LOT GOING FOR ME, TOO,
BEFORE I THREW IT ALL AWAY.
JUST...
KEEP ON EYE ON HIM.
(door unlocks and buzzes)
(door slams)
(lock clicks)
(front door shuts)
EDIE, IF YOU'RE
LOOKING FOR GABY,
SHE JUST LEFT
FOR HER YOGA CLASS.
YOGA...
IS THAT WHAT SHE TOLD YOU?
I'M SORRY.
I KNOW HOW ANGRY
AND HUMILIATED YOU MUST FEEL.
BUT DON'T
TAKE IT ALL OUT ON GABY.
CARLOS SEDUCED HER.
HE HATED YOU
FOR TAKING HIS WIFE,
SO HE DECIDED
TO MAKE A FOOL OUT OF YOU.
I THINK HE DESERVES WHATEVER'S
COMING TO HIM, DON'T YOU?
(feet clomping loudly)
HEY! HEY! HEY, QUIET.
SHE'S NAPPING.
FINALLY. HOW'D YOU
GET HER TO DO THAT?
OH, I-I MADE HER A MARGARITA.
THE TEQUILA DID THE REST.
(car approaches)
(car door opens, shuts)
HMM, IT'S DR. RUSHTON.
HER ONCOLOGIST?
(front door opens)
HEY.
HEY, DR. RUSHTON.
WHAT--WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
WELL... (sighs) SO MUCH OF
MY JOB IS DELIVERING BAD NEWS,
THAT I REALLY WANTED
TO TELL YOU THIS IN PERSON.
LYNETTE, I GOT THE TEST RESULTS
BACK. YOU'RE CLEAN.
ARE YOU SURE?
YEAH.
(Stella) OH!
LYMPH NODES ARE COMPLETELY
CLEAR. CONGRATULATIONS.
I KNEW IT. I KNEW IT!
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
THIS IS SO AMAZING.
I'M GONNA GO GET THE KIDS.
HEY, DOC, YOU LOOK LIKE
YOU NEED A MARGARITA.
(laughing)
AND EVEN IF YOU DON'T,
I AIN'T DRINKING ALONE.
(inhales deeply)
(sighs deeply)
(chuckles)
(inhales and exhales deeply)
(voice breaks) I'M SORRY.
(sobbing)
THERE IS MUCH
TO BE AFRAID OF IN THIS WORLD,
BUT WHAT WE FEAR
HAS NOTHING TO DO
WITH GRUESOME MASKS
OR PLASTIC SPIDERS
OR LIFELIKE MONSTERS.
NO, IT'S THE THOUGHTS
IN OUR HEAD
THAT TERRIFY US THE MOST...
WHAT IF SHE COMES TO REGRET
HER DECISION?
WHAT IF
HE REALLYISUNHAPPY?
WHAT IF THE CHANCE FOR LOVE
HAS PASSED FOREVER?
HOW DO WE CONQUER
THESE TERRIFYING THOUGHTS?
WE START BY REMINDING OURSELVES
WHAT DOES NOT KILL US...
JUST MAKES US STRONGER.